hey this is me I'm best to give you guys
an update on my black so it's been a
month was a month yesterday and I just
washed my hair today because I'm about
to lift it myself I'm still thinking
about whether I want to go back to the
lady I mean go back to the way who
initially put a man to do it basically
it depends on how much money i have or
not so i just watch my ear and I washed
it with this shampoo optimum oil therapy
but no particular reason because i was
going to not happy in my cabinet at the
time cuz i usually wash mine here with
his organic shampoo but I left it at
home so yeah this my hair still pretty
wet
Oh
oh yeah so i'll come back to show you
guys the finished product but like I
said I'm locking my ear through the
interlocking message though hi to I am
realized the actor of my hair after
actually did it so basically what I did
swift it with this organic black and
twist Dale I like it because it holds it
holds well and it is a slight and it was
only either that or jamaican length
mangalam line but i can't really
pronounce any of the ingredients on
jamaica manga online and i usually just
try to buy things so i can pronounce all
it's not some of the ingredients so yeah
my hair this is what they look like that
my hair is is basically in a matte which
is what's interlocking method it naughty
up there it looks like um yeah i'll show
you the back
and I sick that's my hair only thing I
do the way on a daily basis just sprayed
with water water supposed to be a
bonding agent and sometimes i use this
psycho oil sheen I mean it was never
really recommended but sometimes when I
just feel like my hair needs the extra
shine said you know I really don't like
when it looks really really dry but I
definitely don't saturate my hair with
any oils or anything and then I'll read
my staff was like tea tree oil or
something but I never try to put a lot
of anything in there oh yeah I'll say to
die again and my four to six weeks let
you know about progress was going I
you